1. should i change the Ha y range in the Voigt old script when searching the C lines?
 is it even relevant fr the new script? 
 update: they said it probably is the same but it makes a 10% difference so probably important
2. inst sigma for the C lines (important for thermal calc)
update: i know use the same as H_alpha, it makes very little difference but Sharon can check it
3. C gaussian center is not exacly the lambda in Nist,
 but lambda found in Nist is not one of the main ones
4. possible that C1 is 2 peaks?
5. i get t from c1 and c2 do i average?
update: force it to be same in the fit

ive tried many combinations

are the C really voight - seems stark is
minor like sharon said

does mnist sopurt my mixed peaks hypo? seems not, and the waveengths
are shifted a bit

than went t clades help, made many files and tests
seems like theres a pronlem with pixel_to_nm

after suppos fix c1 seems more relible than c2
which might have a non c line in it
from the 3rd graph in nt vs frame file
we can see c1 gives good n_e

temperatures too high, migh be due to zeeman or turbulent

need to ask if any more materials
"Ask Sharon what the electrodes (and anything else that could ablate)
 are made of in C559. Reason: the 657.8 nm line carries 
 ~55% more flux than the C II doublet's fixed 2:1 branching ratio allows,
  self-absorption can only push that ratio down not up, so something else is emitting there
   — likely Cu II or Fe I depending on materials. One sentence from her settles it."

C2 flat shape and ratio to C1 makes mee think of self absorption - self reversal
probably not it because c1 isnt affected

B is around 1 Tesla, check for Zeeman and add to code

4 שלבים- 
מבוא, שיטה, תוצאות, דיון
מבוא כזה על ההיתוך הסטלרטור וכ'
שיטה של ספקטרוסקופיה ממש מזה פיק מקדם איינשטיין וכל ההרחבות השונות
תוצאות כזה גרפים יפים של פריימים וגם הגרף החשוב המטורף
דיון כל הסיבות שחשבתי עליהן, ממש חישובים של דברים וכו'

only files to actually submit are HaC_OroEM_Yair and plot_spec

surprisingly the H_alpha fit has high chi 
it dos make sense when seeing the fit